hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the yoga 3 Pro
so for the past month that work I needed
access to a hybrid device
I needed a tablet at the job site but I
wanted to have notebook capabilities so
I went with this one now it's not a new
device it came out in 2014 it was
refreshed in the spring of 2015 but to
explain why I went with the yoga 3 Pro
here's my review let's start with the
quick unboxing here you pop the lid and
there's two flaps that you lift up which
actually raise the whole device up out
of the box it's kind of cool on the
inside you have the notebook some
QuickStart stuff and a two piece AC
adapter the top of the device is
aluminum it's got a smooth finish it's
well made and it feels pretty premium
and durable and it has a pretty
prominent Lenovo logo here the bottom of
the device has that same aluminum finish
it's got four rubber feet here that
aren't particularly grippy it just kind
of raised the whole device up and
there's two down firing speakers you can
open up the bottom panel but really
there's not much you can do in here the
RAM is soldered on but you can kind of
see how big the battery is I mean look
at the size this thing it's like it's
like a plate and you can also swap out
the SSD for a bigger one or replace it
if you need the AC charger is 40 watts
it's a little different from your
average adapter it's got a USB socket up
on the front which you connect the cable
to and the other end of the cable is
also a male USB plug that you plug into
your computer but it has unique shape so
you can't plug in with just any USB port
alright going around the device we have
a yellow USB port that doubles as that
charging port a second USB 3 port mini
HDMI port and an SD card slot that
doesn't go in very deep and on the right
side we have a power button a reset
button that's sunken in a screen
rotation lock for tablet mode volume
rocker which again for tablet mode and
an audio jack and that third USB port so
the specs on this model it's an Intel
Core M running at 1.2 gigahertz 13 inch
IPS touch panel with the res of 3200 by
1800 integrated Intel HD 5300 graphics
eight gigs of ram 256 gigs of storage
and this costs $1,100 right now directly
from Lenovo which is about $400 cheaper
than one
originally launched okay let's take a
look at some dimensions it's very
similar in size and weight to the
13-inch MacBook Air it comes in under
about half an inch thick and around 2.6
pounds so it's very thin and very light
now thin and light notebooks our
ultrabooks are pretty common in 2015 but
hybrid devices like this tend to be a
little heavier just from things like a
beefier hinge and like extra materials
for strengthening the chassis so as an
example the spectre x360 weighs in at
3.3 pounds so when you use a harbor
device like this as a notebook so if you
use it on your desk or if using on your
lap the extra weight doesn't really
matter but when you use it as a tablet
it's noticeable and when you're holding
it as a tablet for like an hour on a job
site it makes a huge difference and this
is where the yoga 3 Pro shines in
organics and usability the hinge kind of
looks like a watchband has got a ton of
moving parts but it keeps the whole
mechanism compact so this lightweight
hinge combined with a lighter plastic
chassis and Core M Hardware keeps the
whole device light and much more usable
in the tablet mode than any other
13-inch flip screen hybrid and
surrounding the keyboard area is a
dimpled rubbery material so you get a
little textured palm rest when you're
typing which is nice and all but it's
really nice when you're using it as a
tablet because it gives you something
grippy to hold when you're using it
that's the other thing if you've seen my
spec 2 review when you flip the screen
around on that device your fingers would
press the keyboard on the back it
doesn't do anything bad but it's not
comfortable but I'm to yoga they
designed this keyboard so that a big
section up top and on the bottom is just
that rubbery grip so when you use it as
a tablet your fingers have like a nice
area to hold on to and you're not
hitting keys so the engineering choices
they made on the yoga 3 Pro really make
it a comfortable device to use as a
tablet and as a notebook the keyboard
itself is decent key travel is good but
it's not as responsive and springy as
I'd like also it doesn't have dedicated
function keys like you need multiple
keystrokes to activate something like
alt f4 or something kind of a bummer but
that's the price you have to pay for a
grip in tablet mode right they kind of
remove the whole row of function keys
the trackpad is ok it's a pretty
standard Windows trackpad and it has an
occasional skip or miss click when
you're using tap to click but otherwise
it's not bad
the screen is nice its 3200 by 1800 so
pretty high-res viewing angles are great
because it's an IPS panel but if there
was one complaints I had it would be the
brightness it's not a dim screen by any
means but if you're in direct sunlight
it's not an easy screen to read
especially because of the glare from the
glossy finish the color accuracy is
reasonable Spyder reads it as 96% srgb
and 74% Adobe RGB all right let's talk
performance the SSD drive is moderately
fast it comes in at around 500 read and
430 right kind of in the middle of a
bunch for SSDs the refresh processor for
2015 is a Core M clocked at 1.2
gigahertz I wouldn't consider it a
powerful processor but navigating around
Windows is snappy and smooth and any
kind of work application like from the
office suite runs really well in it the
core M is capable of running fanless but
they put a small slow spinning fan in
here it auto that around 20 decibels but
the whole system gets around 25 decibels
under load so it's still really quiet I
took a look at some thermals and even
under load it still runs pretty cool it
runs around seven or eight degrees
cooler than a MacBook Air the speakers
are down firing when it's used as a
laptop but they kind of face towards you
when it's a tablet I say kind of because
it's obstructed by the screen but it
still sounds pretty decent here's what
they sounds like to be honest I haven't
had any good gaming sessions with any
devices running a core M processor and
this one's no different playing at the
native res isn't worth your time but you
can kind of get some light gaming in at
1080p or lower so here's of the storm
dota2 and csgo they're all kind of
playable like you're going to get 30 40
frames per second with low settings but
it's obviously not amazing for games the
battery life is okay I was hoping for
some really crazy numbers with that huge
battery but I only got about five hours
of regular use that's what screen at
about 70 percent brightness playing
games on battery I got a little bit less
than two hours and watching some movies
off the drive I got around six and a
half hours alright so there's a lot of
companies that manufacture hybrid two
and one devices select the x3 six use
from HP the dell tune ones the Microsoft
Surface line there's a lot of options
out there but a lot of companies don't
do it right you either get a tablet that
isn't very comfortable to use or a
notebook that's difficult to use on your
lap but the yoga 3 Pro is
comfortable in either configuration it's
easy to use on your lap its ergonomic to
hold as a tablet I think they kind of
nailed it and that's its biggest
strength just pure functionality it's
not the fastest device out there it's
also a little bit on the pricey side but
if you're looking for a hybrid device I
would definitely consider this on your
short list that's the end of the review
hope you guys liked it if you did give
me some thumbs and if you loved it give
me some subs it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time